[♪ Theme music playing]
[lightsaber activates]
[♪ Dramatic choral music playing]
[Sevn groaning]
[breathing heavily]
-[blaster firing]
-[gasps]
-[lightsaber crackling]
-[man groaning]
[footsteps echoing]
[gasps. grunts]
-[Force warbles]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[alarm blaring]
[gasps]
-[Sevn] Agents from Basham?
-[IV-A4] Affirmative.
-Who else were you expecting?
-[Sevn] Anyone but them.
I don't know. the Hutts
or maybe that Rodian gang.
Any second-rate hunter would do.
Just not them.
[IV-A4] Do not forget
the smugglers from Tatooine.
[IV-A4] Conclusion.
effort-to-reward ratio insufficient.
[Sevn sighs] The reward
was more than enough.
It's just that we blew it all
on your maintenance!
[IV-A4] Negative.
It is entirely your fault
for installing that assassin protocol.
[Sevn grunts] Yeah. yeah. come on!
I said I was sorry
and that I'd fix you someday.
Now. would you give 'em the usual. IV-A4?
[IV-A4] Roger.
-[whirring]
-[♪ adventurous music playing]
[blares]
[Assassin IV-A4] Whoa-ho!
-Yeah!
-[Sevn] Whoo-hoo!
[scoffs] If it weren't for me.
you'd have been frozen
in carbonite a long time ago.
Do you want me to leave you
with a split personality?
Hell. no! You're the one who installed
an assassin protocol into a medical droid.
That's why my circuits are so fried.
-[rumbles]
-[Sevn. IV-A4 groan]
Damn! They don't know when to give up.
[Assassin IV-A4] This isn't their fault.
it's yours.
[grunts] I told you!
This is all because that Jedi stepped in
and ruined everything.
It's all her fault
I got labeled a traitor.
-[rumbles]
-[both groaning]
-Not good. They've breached our shields.
-[alarm blaring]
[grunts] Can't shake them.
We gotta make the jump out of here.
[laser cannons firing]
-Blast them with a seismic charge.
-[Assassin IV-A4] What's the offset?
-[Sevn] Dealer's choice!
-You got it!
-[system trills]
-B-B-B-B-Boom!
[laser cannons firing]
[beeps]
[whooshes]
[explosion]
[Sevn grunts]
That thing was so expensive!
[whooshes]
How's it looking. IV-A4?
[IV-A4] Unable to repair
the power connector and capacitor.
Plus. the entire ship
has sustained moderate damage.
-Overhaul recommended.
-[Sevn sighs]
Just add it to the pile of expenses.
Looks like Genya's the closest port.
Let's go find the guild. Gotta make
enough credits to patch this thing up.
[electricity crackling]
[warbling]
[groans] It's a tractor beam.
Controls inoperable.
Assumption. Basham agents.
How could they predict we'd be here?
Dank farrik!
[Sevn grunts]
[droid] Miss Sevn and IV-A4.
if I'm not mistaken.
I am here on behalf of Jin-Sim.
the head of the resource
development company. Zonus Corp.
This way. please.
[Sevn] Hmm?
[elevator chimes]
[elevator doors click]
[♪ Pleasant violin music playing]
Apologies for the rough treatment.
My name is Jin-Sim.
Please. sit.
-Tea?
-[droid] Certainly. sir.
To be perfectly honest.
I have a job that I could use
a skilled Basham member like you on it.
That was the reason I invited you.
[Sevn scoffs]
Do you think I'll let things slide
just because you're the head
of some corporation?
Also. I'm not part of Basham anymore.
Oh. I'm aware of that.
Originally from Mita.
you were orphaned during the war.
Taken in by Basham
and trained as a soldier.
Then became one of their best.
skilled in both combat and subversion.
At a young age.
you were given the number Sevn.
but later betrayed Basham and defected.
Seems someone's done their research.
In business.
nothing's more valuable than information.
Will you listen to my request?
Please present the details
and compensation.
[Jin-Sim] Of course.
[device chimes]
What I'm pulling up right now
is a file of the leader
of an insurgent group
that attacked our mines.
I'd like you to take that group out.
That said. I want their members alive to
give them a chance to reform their ways.
[Sevn] How very noble of you.
But what's it worth to us?
[Jin-Sim] Well. as an advance.
I am prepared to have
your ship overhauled free of charge.
and then. upon completion. you'll receive
an additional 150.000 credits.
Furthermore. I would like you
to consider accepting a position
as commanding officer in my defense force.
[Sevn] At your company?
[Jin-Sim] My organization
is often targeted
by parties opposed
to resource development.
You. on the other hand. are clearly
on the run from Basham's grip.
You'd be able to reinvent yourself here.
and I can personally
guarantee your safety.
How does a weekly salary
of 7.000 credits sound?
Doesn't sound too bad.
Let me think about it.
-[elevator doors click]
-[Sevn grunts]
[IV-A4] Premium Deluxe D90 oil.
Conclusion. you know much about droids.
[Sevn sighs]
From excavation to management.
our company would be nothing
if it weren't for droids.
[chuckles softly]
Actually. in addition
to resource extraction.
our company also takes in war orphans.
We offer them employment
for which they are paid.
That collar is a device
that monitors their health.
[sighs] Wow.
your generosity knows no bounds.
[groans] Bitter.
Here's all the intel you'll need.
And I've secured escort speeders for you.
I wish you luck.
[Sevn sighs]
[droid] This area
is where our employees work.
They separate the rare metals
from the excavated minerals.
People are far more skilled
at this type of work than droids.
[sighs]
[IV-A4] Last known location. Mount Jobin.
Search difficulty. rank B.
-Time required. several days.
-[sighs]
[IV-A4] New topic. Regarding job offer.
Acceptance recommended.
Reason. High probability that
Zonus could remove my assassin protocol.
[Sevn sighs] I guess so.
[IV-A4] Question.
Why are you in such a daze?
[Sevn] No reason.
[IV-A4] Negative. Deception detected.
Repeat question. Why are you in such a...
[Sevn] Would you just... You're not
programmed for psychoanalysis.
[IV-A4] Affirmative.
[Sevn sighs]
[♪ Mysterious music playing]
-[Eno] I'm coming for you.
-[device beeps]
[male crew] Eno. let's go.
[Eno] We're gonna get them back.
All of them.
[all grunting in agreement]
-[explosion]
-[crew exclaims]
[Assassin IV-A4 grunting]
[groans]
-[Eno gasps]
-[Sevn] Just cooperate.
[Eno grunts]
[IV-A4] Analysis. Severe abrasions.
Possible fractures. Internal bleeding.
-Two weeks recovery. Rest recommended.
-[both groan]
-[chains clink]
-[Sevn] That should wrap it up.
Okay. time to head out.
Hold on!
You were hired as bounty hunters. right?
I'm begging you.
Just hear me out for one minute.
No. I'm not gonna do that.
Nothing good ever comes from
listening to what a target has to say.
I know your client is Jin-Sim.
He told you we were insurgents
and that we had to be brought back alive.
didn't he?
He has been deceiving you.
[IV-A4] Warning. Listening to the target
is highly dangerous.
[Sevn] Recommend that you cease at once.
[Sevn] I'll give you 30 seconds.
[IV-A4] Repeat warning.
Listening to the target is...
Ah. it'll be fine.
I had my own reservations
about that handsome scoundrel anyway.
-[IV-A4] Understood.
-[Sevn sighs]
[Eno] To the public.
Jin-Sim may claim to be
a philanthropist who takes in war orphans.
but the truth is
he puts them to work as slaves.
We were all abducted. too. but we escaped.
All we want is to free
our brothers and sisters.
[Sevn] I figured
it was something like that.
He wants us brought back alive
so he could make us all his again.
And he wants to capture me and my sister
to be a set in his collection.
[Eno gasps]
[Eno sighs]
[Sevn gasps]
[Sevn sighs]
Even if it's true.
I can't just let you go.
He lures people with credits
to control them.
Are you just gonna let him do that to you?
He'll end up owning you.
-just like the others...
-[Sevn] That's enough.
We're done talking. Now move!
[Eno] Let me go! Don't touch me!
[Eno gasps]
[beams]
-Happy birthday. Karin!
-[young Karin giggles]
[father] Oh! And here's
-that star fighter you wanted.
-[gasps]
[stutters] Wow. this is great!
And here's my gift.
It's the same as mine.
Now we'll always be together.
-Thanks!
-[mother gasps]
-I love you so much.
-[father laughs]
[mother laughs]
[sighs]
[IV-A4] Question. What is wrong?
Recommend proceeding with our task.
-Repeat question...
-Shut up for a second!
[Assassin IV-A4]
Are you kidding?
Sevn. don't tell me you actually believe
this emotional manipulation.
Once we get paid
and are under the company's employ.
-we'll be set for life.
-[grunts] I know that!
Do you? First off.
how many times have you said
you were gonna fix me
and not followed through?
That place might actually do it.
Let's hurry up and bring them in.
Sevn!
-[Assassin IV-A4 shouting]
-[Sevn gasps]
[crew grunting]
[Assassin IV-A4] Goodbye. Sevn.
I'll be taking the Sand Bird as payment.
[Sevn gasps] IV-A4!
[wind whooshing]
[♪ Serene music playing]
[whirring]
[chimes]
[trills. chimes]
Hey there. Sevn.
Uh. just finally getting back to you
about that assassin protocol.
Looks like it might be tech
developed by the assassin group. Winger.
They might know how to uninstall it.
Beats me why you'd wanna
spend a fortune on some droid.
Hm. Wire the credits over when you can.
[elevator chimes. doors click]
That's a former Basham member for you.
You work fast.
[whirring]
There's the rest of your reward.
[Sevn] This is more than we agreed to.
I appreciate those who work quickly.
Now my company can continue
its business in peace.
Would that be its slave business?
[scoffs]
[laughs] Merely a vile rumor.
Surely you don't believe
some conspiracy theory?
[Sevn] Why don't we call one of them over.
like that girl
who brought us the bitter tea?
We can ask her if she's here
because she wants to be.
[Jin-Sim] I do apologize.
But for security reasons.
employees are not permitted
to interact with outside parties.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
[Sevn] Hmm?
I guess we'll have to be
more forceful with my request.
-[beeps]
-[clinking]
[crew grunting]
[grunting]
[electricity crackling]
[grunts]
You guys. go free the children now!
You take advantage of the weak.
That makes me sick to my stomach.
I could say the same about bounty hunters.
-[beeps. trills]
-[whirring]
[clangs]
[whirring. clicking]
[grunts]
[Sevn grunts]
After all the trouble
of giving you an honest contract.
this is how you return my goodwill?
[soldier groans]
[Sevn grunts]
Dank farrik!
[grunts]
[beeps. explodes]
Yes! Got him.
-[blaster cannons firing]
-[gasps]
[groaning]
It's futile.
Even a Jedi wouldn't be able to break
through a droideka shield that easily!
-[Sevn scoffs]
-[trills]
[gasps]
No. no. No!
[grunts] Great.
[yelps]
[panting]
[♪ Dramatic choral music playing]
[Sevn gasps]
[growls]
Circumstance has robbed you
of your parents.
Leave this wicked place
and use your skills to do the right thing
moving forward.
That is something you can surely do.
[collar trills]
-[collar clatters]
-Be free and may the Force be with you.
[♪ Dramatic choral music fades]
[gasps]
[groans]
[sighs]
What does doing the right thing even mean?
Damn it. I wouldn't be caught in this mess
if it weren't for you.
-[Jin-Sim] Found you!
-[gasps]
[panting]
-[clanks]
-[Sevn grunts]
[groans]
-[Jin-Sim] That's right.
-[grunts]
That droid partner of yours
took off with your gunship.
[laughs] Droids sure are reliable.
aren't they?
-[rumbling]
-[yelps]
-[laser cannons firing]
-[Sevn gasps]
[Jin-Sim grunting loudly]
[Assassin IV-A4] Whoo-hoo!
I'll turn you into scraps.
[Jin-Sim shouting]
[Sevn] IV-A4!
[Assassin IV-A4]
Where would you be without me?
Frozen in carbonite. for sure.
Yeah. yeah. You don't have to remind me.
We've got to do something
about that droideka's shield.
[Assassin IV-A4] Even this thing's lasers
can't scratch it.
It's got a blind spot in the back.
that's where it's vulnerable.
I'll do what I can to distract it.
It might be our only chance
at actually defeating it.
-[crashes]
-[Sevn gasps]
You! How dare you!
[gasps]
Do you realize how much time and cost
it took to collect all those specimens?
[Assassin IV-A4] My bad.
B-B-B-B-Boom!
[Assassin IV-A4 shouts]
[Assassin IV-A4 whooping]
Nailed it.
You piece of trash!
[Assassin IV-A4 grunts]
-[gasps]
-Now's your chance. break the shields!
[Sevn] Got it. [grunts]
[♪ Tense music playing]
[beeping]
[electricity crackles]
[cackling. gasps]
[electricity crackling]
[hisses]
[exclaiming]
[gasping]
It's all over.
You're nothing but scum.
[Sevn] Release the children. Now.
-Fine. If that's what you want.
-[beeps]
[elevator whirs]
[Sevn gasps]
This is the girl you requested to see.
Am I right?
-[collar chimes]
-[gasps]
-[Sevn gasps]
-[Jin-Sim] That's right.
-It's a bomb designed to prevent escape.
-[collar beeping]
And it will detonate on every one
of my employees right now.
unless you destroy your droid.
-You!
-[IV-A4] Affirmative.
Destruction recommended.
-[Sevn] IV-A4!
-Debate unnecessary.
Destroying me is strongly recommended.
[sighs]
Yeah. yeah. okay.
-[blaster fires]
-[electricity crackling]
[Jin-Sim] Good.
Now toss your blaster aside.
I gave these orphans food.
clothing. shelter. and work.
I even let them live as people do.
A ruthless bounty hunter like yourself
has no right to judge me.
Oh. you're so generous.
You use them and exploit them.
Well. I'd rather be frozen in carbonite
than controlled by scum.
I can always deliver
your corpse to Basham.
[clicks]
[snickers]
[Assassin IV-A4] Sneak attack!
-[Karin gasps]
-Oh. did I forget to mention?
This droid's got two personalities.
Took you long enough.
[Assassin IV-A4] Oh. shut it.
You should be thanking me
from the bottom of your heart.
I'm gonna hand you over
to the Republic authorities. you scum.
How does carbonite sound?
Don't do this.
Have mercy on me.
-Yeah. Mercy.
-[groaning]
[whimpering]
[Eno] Karin!
[panting]
[crying] Sister!
-[Karin sobbing]
-[Eno gasping]
[Sevn chuckles]
[♪ Uplifting song playing]
[collar beeping. trills]
[clinking]
[Sevn grunts]
-[Sevn] Got a moment?
-[both] Huh?
Take this.
It's the only one that wasn't damaged.
You may as well try and sell it.
[Assassin IV-A4] Twelve years ago. it sold
for something like 2.1 million credits.
Wait. but are you sure?
Use it to get yourself and the kids
something good to eat.
[beeps]
[singer] ♪ The language of the night ♪
-[lively chatter]
-♪ Bringing truth to light... ♪
[Karin giggles]
[Karin] Bye!
Now that that's all done.
and since the Sand Bird's fully repaired.
how about we make some credits?
You wanted to head
to Winger's base first. right?
[gasps] IV-A4. how do you even know that?
Have you been going through
my private messages?
Uh. of course.
This ship was mine until just now.
-Unbelievable.
-[alarm blaring]
Wait. Not again.
[Assassin IV-A4] Basham agents.
Jin-Sim must have tipped them off.
[Sevn grunts] That handsome scoundrel.
It's because you betrayed him.
Just like with Basham.
Lies! Those accusations are false.
Mark my words. I'm gonna find that Jedi
and when I do.
I'll give her a piece of my mind.
[whooshes]
♪ If there are countless worlds
Like ours ♪
♪ Countless worlds apart ♪
♪ There's still only one ♪
♪ Truth for me ♪
♪ And beyond countless worlds of truth ♪
♪ There is only you ♪
♪ And I will bend the rules 'til I'm ♪
♪ I'm with you ♪
[song ends]